Added the memory requirement for the PII service docker image (#8660)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ai-sanitizer/overview/_index.md

{:.note}
> This Docker image is private, contact [Kong Support](https://support.konghq.com/support/s/) to get access to it.

> > The PII Anonymizer service loads NLP models (with one model loaded by default). Please ensure at least 500MB of free memory to run the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> The PII Anonymizer service loads NLP models, with one model loaded by default. Ensure that you have at least 500MB of free memory to run the image.
```
